---
date: 2020-02-11
title: Devlog 3 - Museum of Science and Tech
---
Unfortunately I was not present for the Nature Museum trip, so as a result my Devlog 3 will cover the Science and Tech Museum instead.
Science museum. The science and tech museum was an interesting departure from the History equivalent, or perhaps even the nature from your recollection of it from your distant past, for it features a more interactive and direct line of understanding on its topic materials than its equivalent museums. I personally would liken it to the war museum and its trenches, open air tank storage and display, as well as the d'day landing craft and interactive sections of its displays. Over all the science museum is a more welcoming place for the public, and largely has done an excellent job of appearing easy to understand and grasp. Her archives and databases however have largely proven not to be. Unfortunately I was forced to disembark the tour and trip early due to a family emergency, but from your viewings the databases were told to be lacking in digitisation largely due to numerous factors including staff and priorities. An example of this was the vast amount of paper historical documents the worker was capable of pulling for us to view, yet only noting that a sole one or two of those writings had been digitised for our viewings on the topic. As such, the tech museum while outwardly being accessible, is largely proving inaccessible behind the scenes to the likes of us as historians.
