---
date: 2020-02-11
title: Devlog 2 - Museum of History
---
History Museum trip. Upon our arrival at the Museum of history on the Gatineau side of the river, we became largely struck with the complexities of archival work and preservation, as well as the sheer vastness of museum collections near and within the capital. Something of note was the large shift by the museum to modernise older forms of storage and marking, focusing on digitising and merging existing databases into one seamless and strong central database through image and word search. Something I found interesting was the focus of the museum to broaden the collections online accessibility to those unfamiliar with the museums workings and archives by marking items as descriptors as well as pure facts, an example being given in the form of:

A blue (lets say 1812) military uniform jacket of XYZ regiment, 123 company, rank of sergeant. 

Rather than searching for all of these elements to discover the item, or perhaps having to get the exact details of a certain portion, one may just search:

Blue coat, 1802 military, etc…

Allowing the database to be more broadly grabbing, and additionally accessible to those unfamiliar with the work we undertake in archives, opening up the realms of knowledge and history the museum holds. 

Touching briefly upon the collection, we saw the way the objects were prepared for exhibit, how they were brought in, categorized and stored. Additionally we saw the human errors of these systems, including how an organ or piano was mislabeled and largely left unattended and un marked, leaving it a monumental tasking to recover by the current staff due to the lack of old interest. 
